### Executive Summary
In this unit of IT1025 you will learn about fileand folder compression and how you can compress them. We will also talk about python and OOP. And finally you will learn about OOP and UML.
### File Compression
The reason people compress there files because there are many advantages. Compressing files can make the file smaller in size and you can also send the file to a differnt computer faster. When i compressed the svg file the file size went from 295 kb to 130 kb. When you compress a SVG file the the file quality doesnt change. If you compress a JPG file the file size doesn't decrease as much as the SVG and by compressing a JPG file you lose some of the  quality of the file.
### Python OOP
The shark class has two main functions associated with it. one for swimming and one for being awesome. You can take a shark class and use to make an object or an instance of it. Using a shark class can give you the blueprint for an object. When you make a shark pattern when you run a program with the program wont get returned. The constructor method is used to initialize data. It is run as soon as an object of a class is instantiated. Classes are simmilar to blueprints or a prototype that you can use to make an object. You can define classes by using the class keyword. An object is an instance of a class. The object helps the methods run the program. The meaning of "instantiate an object from a class" is that when an object is instanted the variables and methods of the object will run the class.
### Object Oriented Concepts
The instantiated objects of the shark class was sammy and stevie. Inheritance in OOP is the mechanism of basing an object or class upon another object . For example classes can have children that is one class can be created out of another class. Abstraction is realted to the shark class becuase it defines the classes and the attributes and methods that they have. Encapsulated is what can the classes do for example in the shark class there was the 2 methods swim() and be.awesome().

### Conclusion
In this unit of IT1025 i learned how to comporess and zip a file or folder. We leanred about Shark class and constructors. We also made our own sharkclass. We leanred about the inheritance of OOP and encapsulation and abstraction. And we also got more indepth about how to make a shark class diagram using lucidchart.
